c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.Common.Pims.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.Common.DeviceServiceLib.DeviceDataService.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.Interface.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.Common.DeviceServiceLib.Interface.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.DeviceDataServiceLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.UI.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\zlibnet.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ZipStore.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.Common.Util.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.Common.Multimedia.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.DeviceManagerLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.Common.DeviceServiceLib.DeviceManagement.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.SyncServiceLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.DeviceServiceModelDBLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.P3MPINTERFACECTRLLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.PRPLAYERCORELib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.MP3FileInfoCOMLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.OGGFileInfoCOMLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.ConnectionManagerLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\DeviceHost.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.MVVM.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Kies.Plugin.MDGLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\SyncProvider.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.BackupRestoreLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.NKTWABLib.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Outlook.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Interop.Redemption.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Contacts.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\office.dll
c:\users\monkey_d_luffy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\DeviceHost.xml
